# swgoh_team_tool_project

This project exists here on github in its infancy, and it has been placed here to show that I understand the basic concepts that the Spring framework offers.  I build the project locally using the Maven functionality that comes with the Community 2020 Edition of IntelliJ IDEA, my preferred IDE.  I use both command-line and IDE functions to perform Git operations and push/pull from this repository.  When I returned to my github repos, to start my Spring-framework-learning journey, I found another iteration written back in 2019.  Instead of starting anew, I used Git functions to merge in the older pieces I wanted, and remove the rest.

I play a mobile game while I drink my coffee and prepare for the coming day, almost every morning.  I play Star Wars: Galaxy of Heroes, either on my iPhone or iPad.  The game is a 5 vs. 5 team turn-based battle game.  The characters have statistics (e.g. health, speed, defense...) which change based on gear pieces, character level, etc.

This project will perform calculations and display a GUI to the user that will allow them to make game decisions.   One such decision is, if the user is presented with an enemy team with certain set of statistics (e.g. gear level, speed, character levels...) which of their characters should be fielded to get the victory?  Another would be, which node should the user "farm" to advance a certain character faster?  These are just examples.  Over time, the project has gone through an iteration of whichever language/framework I needed to learn.  This iteration will be built with Java, and the Spring framework.

I originally created the project during my time at a job where I needed learn JavaScript, and AngularJS, and jQuery, and version control, and what a unit test is, and what scope is, and what "Agile" meant, and how Business Analysts fit in with what I do, and how US Government Software contracts work (from my vantage point).  To learn those things as best I could, I created the concept of the program.  Its first iteration was an AngularJS program, that would retrieve hard-coded JSON data that I created manually.

This iteration's data set will need to be more than hard-coded JSON data.  I would like to retrieve the data dynamically.  I do not yet know from where (e.g. iPhone itself, or another website, or an API somewhere...).
